Add page for CanvasRenderingContext2D.roundRect (#29)
GoogleChromeLabs/puppy-content: content/en-US/api/roundRect.md

current sub-path.

## Syntax

`CanvasRenderingContext2D.roundRect(x, y, width, height, radii)`

### Parameters
<dl>
  <dt><em>Parameter</em></dt>
  <dd>Definition</dd>
  <dt><em>x</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the x-axis (horizontal) coordinate of the rectangle's starting point.</dd>

  <dt><em>y</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the y-axis (vertical) coordinate of the rectangle's starting point.</dd>

  <dt><em>width</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's width. Positive value means the path is drawn
  clockwise; and negative value meeans it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle
  horizontally along `y`, that means the radius values that applied to the left corners are now
  applied to the right.</dd>

  <dt><em>height</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's height. Positive value means the path is drawn
  clockwise; and negative value meeans it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle
  vertically along `x`, that means the radius values that applied to the top corners are now applied
  to the bottom.</dd>

  <dt><em>radii</em></dt>

>   <dd>Each value `r` in `radii`  could be a number or an object with `{x, y}` properties. If `r` is 

Reviewer: I feel like we should be consistent between "double" and "number". If we call it "double" above, why not call it "double" here as well?

Author: my fault, number is vague. i will remove all usage of number.

  a number, the corresponding corner(s) are drawn as a cicurlar arc with radius `r`; if `r` is an
  object, the correspondinf corner(s) are drawn as 
  [elliptical arc](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/ellipse)

>   whose `radiusX` and `radiusY` are equal to `x` and `y`, respectively. `r`, `x` or `y` must be

Reviewer: or -> and

Author: done

  non-negative:

  * If `radii`'s size is 1, then arc created by `radii[0]` replaces all 4 corners of rectangle. 

  * If `radii`'s size is 2, then the arc created by `radii[0]` replaces the upper left and lower
  right corners of the rectangle; the arc created by `radii[1]` replaces the upper right and lower
  left corners of rectangle.

  * If `radii`'s size is 3, then the arc created by `radii[0]` replaces the upper left corner; the
  arc created by `radii[1]` replaces the upper right and lower left corners; and the arc created by
  `radii[2]` replaces the lower right corner of rectangle.

  * If `radii`'s size is 4, then the arc createed by radii[0], radii[1], radii[2] and radii[3]
  replaces upper left, upper right, lower right and lower left corner of rectangle, respectively.

  * If `radii`'s size is not any of the listed values above, then roundRect aborts and returns an
  RangeError.

  Note that if the sum of the radii of two corners of the same edge is greater than the length of

>   that edge, all the `radii` of the rounded rectangle are scaled by a factor of length / (r1 + r2).

Reviewer: Not quite true. If multiple edges are smaller than their respective radii, all radii are scaled by the ratio that corresponds to the edge that requires the most scaling. I think the text here explains it well (https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/6765)

Author: corrected! I over simplified it.

</dd>
</dl>

## Examples

### Drawing roundRect with circular arc

The following example draws 4 rooundRect with `raddi`'s size equals to 1, 2, 3 or 4 and `r` is in
form of double.

```js
const canvas = document.createElement('canvas');
canvas.width = 1000;
canvas.height = 500;
const ctx = canvas.getContext('2d');
document.body.appendChild(canvas);
ctx.strokeStyle = '#0f0';
ctx.lineWidth = 5;
ctx.roundRect(50, 50, 100, 100, [20]);
ctx.roundRect(200, 50, 100, 100, [20, 40]);
ctx.roundRect(50, 200, 100, 100, [10, 25, 40]);
ctx.roundRect(200, 200, 100, 100, [5, 15, 30, 50]);
ctx.stroke();
```

### Drawing roundRect with elliptical arc

The following example draws rooundRect with different elliptical arc.

```js
const canvas = document.createElement('canvas');
canvas.width = 500;
canvas.height = 500;
const ctx = canvas.getContext('2d');
document.body.appendChild(canvas);
ctx.strokeStyle = '#0f0';
ctx.lineWidth = 5;
ctx.roundRect(50, 50, 120, 120, [new DOMPoint(25, 50)]);
ctx.roundRect(210, 50, 120, 120, [new DOMPoint(20, 50), new DOMPoint(50, 20), new DOMPoint(20, 50), 

>   new DOMPoint(50, 20)]);

Reviewer: Wanna do some examples with `DOMPointInit`? Also some examples mixing doubles and `DOMPointInit`s e.g.:

`ctx.roundRect(10, 10, 100, 100, [{25, 50}, 10])`

Author: good idea!

---
recipe: roundRect
title: 'CanvasRenderingContext2D.roundRect()'
mdn_url: /en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/roundRect
specifications: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#dom-context-2d-roundrect
browser_compatibility: api.CanvasRenderingContext2D.roundRect
---

## Description

The `roundRect` method of the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` interface adds a rounded rectangle to the 
current sub-path.

## Syntax

`CanvasRenderingContext2D.roundRect(x, y, width, height, radii)`

### Parameters
<dl>
  <dt><em>x</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the x-axis (horizontal) coordinate of the rectangle's starting point.</dd>

  <dt><em>y</em></dt>
  <dd>A double that represents the y-axis (vertical) coordinate of the rectangle's starting point.</dd>

  <dt><em>width</em></dt>

>   <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's width. Positive value means the path is drawn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's width. A positive value means the path is drawn
```

Author: done

>   clockwise; and negative value meeans it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  clockwise, and a negative value means it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle
```

Author: done

>   horizontally along `y`, that means the radius values that applied to the left corners are now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  horizontally along the `y` axis. That means that the radius values that were applied to the left corners are now
```

Author: done

  applied to the right.</dd>

  <dt><em>height</em></dt>

>   <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's height. Positive value means the path is drawn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <dd>A double that represents the rectangle's height. A positive value means the path is drawn
```

Author: done

>   clockwise; and negative value meeans it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  clockwise, and a negative value means it's drawn counterclockwise and flips the rectangle
```

Author: done

>   vertically along `x`, that means the radius values that applied to the top corners are now applied

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  vertically along the `x` axis. That means the radius values that applied to the top corners are now applied
```

Author: done

  to the bottom.</dd>

>   <dt><em>radii</em></dt>

Reviewer 2: What type of structure is this? An array? A sequence? A list?

We need to rewrite the description to match the grammatical structure of the other arguments. I want to know what this is specifically before I do that.

Author: an array, I rewrite the beginning of the sentence, so it matches the same sentence structure as other items.

  * If `radii`'s size is 2, then the arc created by `radii[0]` replaces the upper left and lower
  right corners of the rectangle; the arc created by `radii[1]` replaces the upper right and lower
  left corners of rectangle.

  * If `radii`'s size is 3, then the arc created by `radii[0]` replaces the upper left corner; the
  arc created by `radii[1]` replaces the upper right and lower left corners; and the arc created by
  `radii[2]` replaces the lower right corner of rectangle.

  * If `radii`'s size is 4, then the arc createed by radii[0], radii[1], radii[2] and radii[3]
  replaces upper left, upper right, lower right and lower left corner of rectangle, respectively.

  * If `radii`'s size is not any of the listed values above, then roundRect aborts and returns an
  RangeError.

  Note that if the sum of the radii of two corners of the same edge is greater than the length of
  that edge, all the `radii` of the rounded rectangle are scaled by a factor of length / (r1 + r2).
  If multiple edges have this property, the scale factor of the edge with the smallest scale factor
  is used.
</dd>
</dl>

## Examples

### Drawing roundRect with circular arc

> The following example draws 4 rooundRect with `raddi`'s size equals to 1, 2, 3 or 4 and `r` is in
> form of double.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example draws four `rooundRect` images with `raddi` sizes equal to 1, 2, 3 or 4.  `r` is a double.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the 'r' part. I don't see an 'r' in the example below.

Author: ctx.roundRect(50, 50, 100, 100, [20]);
means r = 20, radii = [20]

ctx.roundRect(200, 50, 100, 100, [20, 40]);
means r1 = 20 and r2 =40, radii =  [20, 40]

I will add some comments to explain this.

```js
const canvas = document.createElement('canvas');
canvas.width = 1000;
canvas.height = 500;
const ctx = canvas.getContext('2d');
document.body.appendChild(canvas);
ctx.strokeStyle = '#0f0';
ctx.lineWidth = 5;
ctx.roundRect(50, 50, 100, 100, [20]);
ctx.roundRect(200, 50, 100, 100, [20, 40]);
ctx.roundRect(50, 200, 100, 100, [10, 25, 40]);
ctx.roundRect(200, 200, 100, 100, [5, 15, 30, 50]);
ctx.stroke();
```

### Drawing roundRect with elliptical arc

> The following example draws rooundRect with different elliptical arc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example draws a `rooundRect` with a different elliptical arc.
```

Author: done
